WXSIM text forecast for Saratoga, initialized at  4:00 PM May 3, 2019
_______________________________________________________________________________

Tonight: Clear in the evening, becoming mostly clear after midnight. Low 45.
Wind west near calm.

Saturday: Partly to mostly sunny. High 79. UV index up to 9. Wind west near calm
in the morning, becoming 6 mph, gusting to 15 mph, in the afternoon.

Saturday night: Mostly clear in the evening, becoming partly cloudy after
midnight. Low 47. Wind west around 2 mph in the evening, becoming
south-southwest after midnight.

Sunday: Partly cloudy in the morning, becoming mostly cloudy in the afternoon. A
slight chance of rain in the afternoon. High 74. UV index up to 8. Wind
west-southwest around 3 mph in the morning, becoming 7 mph, gusting to 16 mph,
in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation less than 20 percent. Precipitation
mostly less than a tenth of an inch.

Sunday night: Mostly cloudy to cloudy in the evening, becoming cloudy after
midnight. Patchy light fog after midnight. A slight chance of rain in the
evening, then a chance of rain after midnight. Low 53. Wind west-southwest
around 2 mph. Chance of precipitation 40 percent. Precipitation mostly less than
a tenth of an inch.

Monday: Mostly cloudy in the morning, becoming mostly sunny in the afternoon.
Patchy light fog in the morning. High 73. UV index up to 9. Wind west-southwest
around 2 mph in the morning, becoming 6 mph in the afternoon.

Monday night: Fair in the evening, becoming mostly clear after midnight. Low 47.
Wind west-southwest around 2 mph in the evening, becoming south-southeast after
midnight.

Tuesday: Sunny. High 77. UV index up to 10. Wind southwest around 2 mph in the
morning, becoming 7 mph, gusting to 16 mph, in the afternoon.

Tuesday night: Clear in the evening, becoming mostly clear after midnight. Low
47. Wind southwest around 2 mph.

Wednesday: Sunny. High 79. UV index up to 10. Wind southwest around 2 mph in the
morning, becoming 6 mph, gusting to 15 mph, in the afternoon.

Wednesday night: Mostly clear in the evening, becoming fair after midnight. A
slight chance of rain after midnight. Low 48. Wind west-southwest around 2 mph.
Chance of precipitation less than 20 percent. Precipitation mostly less than a
tenth of an inch.

* THIS FORECAST WAS MADE IN AUTOMATED MODE AND MAY BE LESS ACCURATE THAN OTHERWISE *
